hello my name is Lowell Thomas I'm the
inventor of the Jack clamp manufactured
in the United States so right here in
Bozeman Montana this clamp is just
invaluable to woodworkers cabinet makers
automotive enthusiasts machinists
do-it-yourselfers you name it it covers
it it works just like every other grip
type clamp you've seen just squeeze the
handle on the tool closes here you see
it clamping two pieces of wood together
the jack clamp has built in horizontal
and vertical bubble levels as well as
both metric and English graduations for
quick convenient measurement you can
remove the top and bottom bars of the
jack clamp and reassemble the tool
inside of or around your workspace this
allows for dramatically more flexibility
than any other clamp on the market
here's where the Jack clamp gets really
exciting though as well as demonstrating
you can reverse the direction of the
patented parallel bars to create a tool
that spreads or jacks just as easily as
it clamps one of the coolest uses for
this unique feature is that you can use
the jack clamp to hold things in
position and level while you work all by
yourself you can jack up anything up to
300 pounds imagine installing over the
range microwaves tile lifting small
vehicles and the most common use Jack
and cabinets into position for hanging
as Lowell as demonstrating here without
the need for anyone's help the
controlled release braking system means
that you can get whatever you're lifting
right or you want it quickly safely and
easily the Jack clamp also includes
several unique attachments designed to
dramatically increase the utility of the
tool the first of the easy vol ready
seen the foot attachment that Lowell
used when jacking up the cabinet the
second is the spreader attachment seen
here it can get into gaps as small as a
quarter of an inch for precision
spreading and the most challenging of
places the spreader attachment was
designed to make deck building fast and
easy you can move a warped board into
position and hold boards where you need
them so you can work quickly without the
need for anyone to hold your material of
course you can also clamp using the
spreader attachment as seen here just
insert your spacer clamp the board down
and you're ready to screw it in place
whether you're building a deck are doing
many other projects the spreader
attachment is invaluable the final
attachments are the V jaws they allow
you to clamp regular shapes together
with no fear of slippage their shape
holds round triangular and square
objects long or short making it possible
to clamp things that you never would
have been able to before for example
watches Lowell clamps to round pipes
together these attachments are loved by
welders because they allow you to hold
metal pieces firmly in place hands-free
with no need for any assistance
perhaps the most unique use of the Jack
clamps capabilities is assembling two
clamps together as one this capability
is a result of the patented parallel bar
design and makes the only tool in the
world that you can simultaneously clamp
on one end and press or spread on the
other imagine building drawers the dual
clamp configuration would allow you to
clamp and press the guides in place
hands-free while you screw them on a lot
of professional cabinet makers that
we've shown the tool to are really
excited about this feature my name is
Brian Killian I'm the engineer here at
Lowell Thomas tool I've done all the
design work on the clamp setting up all
the manufacturing processes and design
all the tooling and we're all set now to
do our manufacturing hi my name is Ken
fickler I'm the marketer behind the Jack
clamp we're running this crowdfunding
campaign in order to do a large round of
manufacturing we want to approach some
of the larger national distribution
partners and in order to do that we need
significant inventory so we chose in
fifty thousand dollars in order to do
that manufacturing round this is your
opportunity to get a tool that you'll
have and love for life before you can
have one locally and at a significant
discount from the suggested retail price
we're so confident that you're going to
love the Jack clamp that we're prepared
to buy it back from me if you're not
totally satisfied additionally we're
prepared to fulfill a hundred percent of
our obligations through this
crowdfunding campaign within 120 days
that means you will have the product in
your hands within 120 days thanks for
watching
you